no one has previously dived 2,000 meters
in Antarctica it is exciting it is
thrilling and yet it's also slightly
terrifying my dad used to get National
Geographic magazine and occasionally
they published these amazing maps of the
floor of the ocean there I always
imagined what would it be like to visit
these places and see what lives there
control of the air my depth one eight
meters
[Music]
more than half our world is covered by
water just a majority of our world
and yet it seems their alien to us the
deep ocean around Antarctica
is just as blank to us now as it was a
hundred years ago so on this expedition
we're heading into the unknown with the
goal of understanding more about our
world because we don't yet know what we
don't yet know oh it really sinks in
currently Elsa yeah they're starting to
come in science is the adventure of
exploring the astonishing world around
us so I think that I was born a
scientist because I think we all are
[Music]
control control deep robot my depth is
1,000 meters on bottom however it's
incredibly with its marine life we're
seeing here really it's a sort of a
living carpet but just on one rock I
counted more than a dozen species just
by our we can't explore the deep ocean
remotely able to certainly can't find
out what lives there without actually
going there ourselves and we were
supposed to do not here filter feeding
animals all around sometimes scientific
adventures can be physical literally
immersing us in the unknown and it's all
out there waiting for us to explore it
every expedition is almost another
pinprick on that black map and every
point we add to it is taking us towards
learning more about our world
you kind of get a sense that your
glimpsing something that we're a part of
but is far bigger than us and that's
quite a moment when there happens if you
reach into the unknown you are gonna
come back with something that you didn't
have before
you